Customer : How do I open an account
Banking Advisor :  Opening a savings account with us is a great way to start your credit union membership. We have some eligiblity criteria
Customer : What are the eligiblity criteria ?
Banking Advisor : To put it simply, if you live or work in the Kansas City area, you’re pretty much in. We even have options for folks who might not fit the geographical criteria.
Customer : What are the options for people who are not fit in the geographical criteria
Banking Advisor : Live or work in Jackson, Cass, Clay, Platte, Douglas, Johnson, Jefferson, Leavenworth, Miami, Shawnee, Wyandotte Live or work in St. Louis County
Customer : Are there any other options or eligility criteria
Banking Advisor : Family Membership If a family member is either a current member or is eligible for membership by living or working within one of our 12 counties above, you can join, too.
Customer : Who is eligible family member ?
Bankig Advisor : An eligible family member is defined as a spouse, child, sibling, parent, grandparent, grandchild, aunt/uncle, niece/nephew, cousin or legal guardian and includes step, in-law and adoptive relationships.
Customer : What are the benefits of Savings Account ?
Banking Advisor : No Montly Fee, Free Online and Mobile Banking , Mobile Check Deposit and share in our profits
Customer : How do I open a checking account?
Customer : What are your deposit rates?
Banking Advisor : We have multiple options on savings High INterest Savings, Junior Savings, Special Purpose Savings and Savings
Customer : What are the interest rates of High Interest Savings
Banking Advisor : Interest is 4.88%	APY is 5.00% & Balance Amount should be between $1.00 - $2,500.00
Customer : What are your loan rates ?
Banking Advisor : 6.69% to 15 % , More information with regards to loan will enable us to provide more exact figures
Customer : What are your mortgage rates?
Banking Advisor : You will need to provide more information like  your occupancy, Type of Property , Loan Purpose, Purchase Price, Down Payment Stte , Zip, Credit Score so that we can get be best rates for you
Customer : How do I open a checking account?
Banking Advisor : We have multiple options for you as Cashback Free Checking , Cheifs Checking, Free Checking and Student Checking. To open an account  you need to 13 years or older,Legal resident of the United States and need to satisfy the eligibility criteria.
Customer : What are the documents required ?
Banking Advisor :  Valid Identification, Social Security Number, Credit/Debit Card or US Checking/Savings Account to fund your new account(s)
Customer : What is your routing number?
Banking Advisor : Our routing number is 301081508
Customer : Do you offer notary services?
Banking Advisor : We are happy to provide our members with free Notary and Medallion Signature services. While all branches have a notary, it's possible you could visit while they have stepped away. We encourage you to set up an appointment by calling 913.905.7000. Notary services are also available to non-members for $2 per signature
Customer : Do you offer foreign currency?
Banking Advisor : Yes. For more information or to speak to us about foreign currency exchange services, give us a call at 913.905.7000.
Customer : Do you have safe boxes - > are they available and where 
Banking Advisor : Yes we do provide safe boxes, the availablity can be checked in the web site