Customer :  Do you have holiday
Bank Advisor : We are closed on Monday 6/19 in observance of Juneteenth.Our Hy-Vee branches will be open from 9:00am - 5:00pm and our online banking, mobile app & ATMs will remain open.   
Customer : Do you provide profit payout
Bank Advisor : Yes we do provide profit payout. You’ll need a qualified product from three categories to become eligible
Customer :  Are you a credit union?
Bank Advisor : Yes we are credit unions and we provide all banking products.
Customer : What are the benefits of being a member
Bank Advisor : As a credit union member, you get more from where you bank, such as better rates, lower fees and understanding service.
Customer :  What are the products that are offered
Bank Advisor : we have a suite of products and services you’ll love, like Cashback Free Checking, High Interest Savings, and some of the lowest auto loan rates in town.
Customer : What is special things that we get at your credit union
Bank Advisor : Believe in unbelievable, we offer all of this with service that goes above and beyond to create a member experience that’s unmatched
Customer : What are the exclusive benefits that are offered
Bank Advisor : Free financial relationship review,One-on-one money management coaching sessions and Financial well-being workshops
Customer : Do you provide loans
Bank Advisor : Yes we do provide loans ,if you need a home loan, We’re here to make the process as easy and convenient as possible, we provide the best mortgage rates
Customer : DO you provide auto loans
Bank Advisor : Yes we do provide auto loans , the rates as low as 6.69% and for the first auto loan  we provide 15% 
Customer : Do you provide Individual Retirement Accounts (IRA) that provide tax advantages for retirement savings
Bank Advisor : Our IRA options are one of the best ways to start planning for your future, while also reducing your taxes.
Customer : Can you give some more details about profit payout
Bank Advisor : To be eligible for profit payout you will need at least three products from Save, Spend, Manage, Borrow, Live and Invest.
Customer: How does it profit payout work ?
Bank Advisor : The higher your balances, loans or deposits, the greater your Profit Payout potential.
Customer :  I'm looking to open a new bank account
Bank Advisor : Opening a savings account with us is a great way to start your credit union membership
Customer : Do you provide mobile banking
Bank Advisor : No matter which free savings account you choose, you’ll enjoy the technological benefits of our Online Banking and Mobile App, such as 24/7 access to manage your money and mobile check deposit
Customer : What does it mean to be a member
Bank Advisor : WHen you are a member You are an owner
Customer : What is you main purpose?
Bank Advisor : Our main purpose is to serve the people who have an account with us. So, when you bank with us, you can count on us to go to unbelievable lengths to help you reach financial peace of mind.
Customer : What can we expect from your bank
Bank Advisor : COmpetitive rates , Technology and location
Customer : what is your contact number
Bank Advisor : Give us a call we will be happy to chat with you Local: 913.905.7000 Toll-Free: 844.431.1976
Customer : Do you offer foreign currency?
Bank Advisor : 